The Cozy Coder Commercial License (the “Commercial License”)
Copyright © 2024 Cozy Bytes GmbH

With regard to the Cozy Coder Software:

This software and associated documentation files (the "Software") may only be
used in production, if you (and any entity that you represent) have agreed to,
and are in compliance with, the Cozy Coder Subscription Terms of Service,
available at https://cozycoder.dev/terms, or other agreement governing the use
of the Software, as agreed by you and Cozy Bytes GmbH, and otherwise have a
valid Cozy Coder Enterprise Edition subscription for the correct number of
domains. Subject to the foregoing sentence, you are free to modify this
Software and publish patches to the Software. You agree that Cozy Bytes GmbH
and/or its licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest in
and to all such modifications and/or patches, and all such modifications and/or
patches may only be used, copied, modified, displayed, distributed, or
otherwise exploited with a valid Commercial Subscription for the correct
number of domains. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may copy and modify the
Software for development and testing purposes, without requiring a
subscription. You agree that Cozy Bytes GmbH and/or its licensors (as
applicable) retain all right, title and interest in and to all such
modifications. You are not granted any other rights beyond what is expressly
stated herein. Subject to the foregoing, it is forbidden to copy, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell the Software.

This Commercial License applies only to the part of this Software that is not
distributed under the AGPL-3.0 license. Any part of this Software
is served client-side as an image, font, cascading stylesheet (CSS), file which
produces or is compiled, arranged, augmented, or combined into client-side
JavaScript, in whole or in part, is copyrighted under the Apache-2.0 license.
The full text of this Commercial License shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

For all third party components incorporated into the Cozy Coder Software, those
components are licensed under the original license provided by the owner of the
applicable component.
